hi guys so today I thought I would film
just a really short updates video all
about this little guy you haven't met
him before this is my new rescue piggy
he does not have a name as of yet I will
leave it in the description if I've made
a decision but I'm always so indecisive
with names I want to choose the perfect
one that fits their personality so he
actually from raking from he didn't have
a name so he is kind of no name but at
this point I just call him my little but
basically I'm an old friend contacted me
and let me know that she had a guinea
pig that I guess she got from some guy
who was not taking care of them and she
didn't know how to care for a guinea pig
so she contacted me and she let me know
and I of course said I would take this
little guy so I went and picked this
little guy up and I actually have some
footage from when I first got him so
i'll put that on the screen right now as
you can tell he was not in the best
situation his cage was DIY but it was
still pretty small it wasn't super small
like lots of the pet store cages but it
was still too small for a piggy he
didn't have any food or hey I felt so so
bad for him all he had was green grapes
and I mean I understand the other people
didn't really know how to take care of
him but still it did feel quite sorry
for this little guy so I brought him
home put him in a cnc cage and he's
pretty happy he does have a little bit
of some medical conditions going on
right now if you can tell his bum looks
all really greasy kind of looks like
that I don't want to you know touch
around there too much because I think
it's pretty sore but anyways when we
first got him he had this huge mat on
the back of his back and it was really
weird because I've only ever seen mats
on long-haired guinea pigs not short
haired pigs and it was huge like I have
a curly long haired pig and I've never
seen a mat like that so basically on
that same night that I got him I tried
to
cut the mat off since you know just for
sanitary reasons and it was really hard
and weird it was a weird sort of mat so
we decided to actually give him a little
bum bath just kind of moisten up the
area and also just clean off the
surrounding area since it was really
dirty and like greasy almost and during
the bath we noticed that you know
something wasn't right and we have kind
of assumed now that it's actually from a
neglected grease gland which male guinea
pigs and some female guinea pigs have an
active grease gland and it does need to
be cleaned usually you can just use some
coconut oil to clean it it's quite
simple but obviously his past owners did
not know that you can also tell from his
toenails I know if he's gonna let you
see them but they are pretty long too so
somebody didn't really know how to care
for guinea pigs obviously anyways his
back end is just a really really big
mess at this point he does have hair
loss and we're still you know trying to
get it cleaned up so originally the plan
was not to keep him but as soon as I met
this little guy I just fell in love I
just think he is such a cutie he just
looks so adorable and he has this
awesome personality he's very mellow
he's a bit scared but not skittish which
is great because I hate picking up
skittish pigs so he just enjoys having
attention and eating hay and lounging
around he isn't very active which i
assume is from the soreness from his
behind but so hopefully I will be
introducing him to my boys I don't know
how that's going to work out exactly if
it doesn't I may have to you know think
about rehoming him but hopefully it does
work out even if it takes a little while
since I do really like him I think he's
an awesome guinea pig and I do really
want to keep them selfishly um so yeah
that's basically this new little piggy
that's in my life right now he's very
cute as you can tell I love his coloring
and
she obviously is a little bit camera shy
right now he does not want his face to
be on camera so I guess that's kind of
the end of the video I hope you guys
enjoyed sorry it's just kind of a vlog
style short video but I just wanted to
let you guys all know about this little
this little dude a thank you guys so
much for watching and I'll see you in my
next video which will hopefully be a
more in-depth updates